.\" Manpage for Awesome Manpages.
.\" Contact jmurowaniecki@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
.\" or file issue at https://github.com/jmurowaniecki/manpages/
.\"
.\" (some comment between empty commented lines)
.\"
.TH MAN 8 "2026-06-26" "1.1" "Awesome Manpages man page"
.SH NAME
Awesome Manpages \- fornece um subconjunto de sintaxe de man pages para o VSCode.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awesome_command
.RI [ command ]
.I <option|path_or_file>
.B { \-R | \-\-resize
.IR W , H }
.B { \-C | \-\-crop
.IR W , H }
.B { \-v | \-vv | \-vvv | \-\-verbose
.IR N }
.RI [ <more|options|...> ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Awesome Manpages
was built in order to facilitate the development journey of useful and
properly standardized documentation using the well known \- and widely
available \- man page tool.

.PP
.B command
A command to run on the remote host. This will normally be run by the remote
host using the user's shell. The command begins at the first hyphen argument
after the host argument. If no command is specified an interactive terminal
will be opened (see \fB\-t\fR and \fB\-T\fR).

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I command
A command to run on the remote host.

.TP
.BR \-R ", " \-\-resize =\fIW,H\fR
Resize image to the given resolution.
Default is 150,200.

.TP
.BR \-C ", " \-\-crop =\fIW,H\fR
Crop image to the given resolution.
Default is 150,200.

.TP
.BR \-v ", " \-vv ", " \-vvv ", " \-\-verbose " " \fIN\fR
Change verbosity level.
.RS
.IP "\fB\-v\fR (1)" 8
Slightly verbose. Displays debugging information for important processes.
.IP "\fB\-vv\fR (2)" 8
So, it's verbose enough. Displays debugging information along with inputs and outputs.
.IP "\fB\-vvv\fR (3)" 8
Verbose as hell. Ensures the display of traces, execution comments, and key points.
.IP "\fB\-vvvv\fR (4)" 8
Excessively verbose. You won't need that. Better to acquire the source code and use breakpoints.
.RE

.TP
.RI < more... >
Processed result image.
Default is \fIprocessed.png\fR.

.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://github.com/jmurowaniecki/manpages
GitHub Repository
.UE

.PP
.UR https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CompilouIT.manpage
VSCode Marketplace Extension
.UE

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
John Murowaniecki
.MT jmurowaniecki@gmail.com
.ME
