.\" Manpage for Awesome Manpages.
.\" Contact jmurowaniecki@gmail.com to report issues.
.\" Project repository:
.\" https://github.com/jmurowaniecki/manpages
.
.\" Comments between blank comment lines should also be parsed.
.
.\" Your VSCode extension for Man Pages syntax highlighting and parsing brings
.\" a cleaner and more accessible writing experience to one of the oldest
.\" documentation formats in the Unix ecosystem. Designed for developers who
.\" still enjoy the elegance of man pages without wrestling directly with raw
.\" roff syntax, the extension provides lightweight syntax support, improved
.\" readability, and a practical development workflow inside VSCode.
.
.\" The project focuses on simplicity, portability, and compatibility with
.\" traditional man page tooling, making it easier to create, maintain, and
.\" test standardized documentation while preserving the spirit of classic
.\" terminal manuals. A tiny bridge between vintage Unix arcana and modern
.\" editor ergonomics.
.
.TH AWESOME-MANPAGES 8 "2026-06-26" "1.1" "Awesome Manpages"

.SH NAME
awesome-manpages \- subset of man page syntax for VSCode.

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B awesome_command
.RI [ command ]
.I <option|path_or_file>

.BR "{ " "-R" " | " "--resize"
.IR W , H
.BR " }"

.BR "{ " "-C" " | " "--crop"
.IR W , H
.BR " }"

.BR "{ " "-v" " | " "-vv" " | " "-vvv" " | " "--verbose"
.IR N
.BR " }"

.RI [ <more|options|...> ]

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Awesome Manpages
was created to simplify the development of standardized and portable manual
pages directly inside VSCode.

.PP
The project focuses on supporting a practical subset of traditional roff
syntax while preserving compatibility with common man page tools.

.PP
.B command
Represents a command executed on a remote host. The command starts at the
first non-option argument after the host declaration. If no command is
specified, an interactive terminal session is opened.

.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.I command
Command to execute on the remote host.

.TP
.BR "-R" ", " "--resize" =\fIW,H\fR
Resize the image to the specified resolution.
Default value is 150x200.

.TP
.BR "-C" ", " "--crop" =\fIW,H\fR
Crop the image using the specified resolution.
Default value is 150x200.

.TP
.BR "-v" ", " "-vv" ", " "-vvv" ", " "--verbose" " " \fIN\fR
Change verbosity level.

.RS
.IP "\fB-v\fR    (1)" 8
Displays minimal debugging information.

.IP "\fB-vv\fR   (2)" 8
Displays debugging information with command inputs and outputs.

.IP "\fB-vvv\fR  (3)" 8
Displays execution traces, comments, and important runtime details.

.IP "\fB-vvvv\fR (4)" 8
Extremely verbose output intended mainly for development, and for all those
who have lost any trace of sanity, given up on happiness, and embraced the
dark side of existence.
.RE

.TP
.RI < more... >
Defines the output image.
Default is \fIprocessed.png\fR.

.SH FILES
.I ~/.config/awesome-manpages/config
Main configuration file.

.TP
.I ~/.cache/awesome-manpages/
Temporary cache directory.

.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Successful execution.

.TP
.B 1
Generic execution failure.

.TP
.B 2
Invalid command line arguments.

.SH EXAMPLES
.TP
Resize an image:
.B awesome_command --resize 1920,1080 image.png

.TP
Crop an image:
.B awesome_command --crop 800,600 image.png

.TP
Enable maximum verbosity:
.B awesome_command -vvvv image.png

.SH SEE ALSO
.UR https://github.com/jmurowaniecki/manpages
GitHub Repository
.UE

.PP
.UR https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=CompilouIT.manpage
VSCode Marketplace Extension
.UE

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
John Murowaniecki
.MT jmurowaniecki@gmail.com
.ME