// SYNTAX TEST "source.man"

.\" Manpage for Awesome Manpages.
// ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ comment.line.roff

.\" Contact jmurowaniecki@gmail.com to correct errors or typos.
// ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ comment.line.roff
.\" or file issue at https://github.com
.\"
.\" (some comment between empty commented lines)
.\"

.TH man 8 "2026-06-26" "1.1" "Awesome Manpages man page"
//  ^^^ entity.name.title.man
//      ^ constant.numeric.section.man
//         ^^^^^^^^^^ string.unquoted.date.man
//                      ^^^ entity.name.provider.man
//                            ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^ meta.documentation.manual.man

.SH NAME
//  ^^^^ markup.heading.man
Awesome Manpages - provide man pages syntax subset for VSCode.

.SH SYNOPSIS
awesome_command
.B  [command]
//   ^^^^^^^ markup.formated.man

.B  <option|path or file>
.B  {-R|--resize W,H}
.B  {-C|--crop   W,H}
.B  {-v|-vv|-vvv|--verbose N}
.ir <more|options|…>

.SH DESCRIPTION
.B Awesome Manpages
was built in order to facilitate the development journey of useful and properly
standardized documentation using the well known - and widely available - man page tool.

.B command
A command to run on the remote host. This will normally be run by the remote host
using the user's shell. The command begins at the first hyphen argument after the 
host argument. If no command is specified an interactive terminal will be opened
(see -t and -T).

.SH OPTIONS

.tP
.Br option
Option example

.tP
.Br -R ", " --resize =W,H
//  ^^ variable.parameter.flag.man
//          ^^^^^^^^ variable.parameter.flag.man
Resize image to the given resolution.
Default is 150,200.

.tP
.Br -C ", " --crop =W,H
Crop image to the given resolution.
Default is 150,200.

.tP
.B  {-v|-vv|-vvv|--verbose N}
Change verbosity level.
-v    1     Slightly verbose
-vv   2     So, it's verbose enough
-vvv  3     Verbose as hell
-vvvv 4     Excessively verbose
.tP
.Br <more…>
Processed result image.
Default is `processed.png`.


.SH SEE ALSO
https://github.com/jmurowaniecki/AwesomeManpages

.SH BUGS
No known bugs.

.SH AUTHOR
John Murowaniecki <jmurowaniecki@gmail.com>
